Hi, I'm here to show you
you
the limited edition I bought a
harry potter's submarine
Today to get you
This one and if this is the first
beautiful philosopher stone book even if he
also in the clothes the little blue coffee is this
here is the secret chamber
today in golden relief
I realized that the secret chamber people
is to have a number of pages smaller than
this collection here that has 287 pages
is only from here has 252 pages
I do not know why the electrical
even smaller right animation diagramming
unfortunately the white sheet
I do not like white sheets because I
I'm tired, you tire this one faster.
is the prisoner of azkaban drawing
nice, right
I came back here and they are all they have for
he has seen them all the beautiful ear is
this is the cup so that
draws sinister
I do not have another collection, which I
I'm just the first right it standing here
I got this one I took from my boyfriend.
of course not
for me and saw this collection white
on here
This is the first 700-page book
as he reads it because the order of the phoenix in
seven years page beautiful thing
this is the prince's puzzle
We're soft covers, it's not hard.
could it be so much more beautiful but
I did not have what was yellow was already
here are the relics of death
I really liked this collection is
white and in the drawings or harry
potter transit in a different way
this collection I paid in all seven books is
144 is not saying that it is limited not
confirmed these things I think you're
should always learn is to have more
buy him imagined and I will
show you why I
I bought it by indicating a very
very well done help
julia help clarice lipstick version
speaking the wrong is the meaning of an end
I bought a book that I never
or read I bought by late appointment
missing her channel on your idea
I bought it for my boyfriend.
he thinks of the book and reading from 29 and
woman us is this more to show
for yourself my collection
now i have a harry potter collection
the submarine people that I bought who
I think I still have to have one
kiss for everyone and until the next